update readme for submissions (#81)
XRPLBounties/Proposals: README.md

- [Code-Plugin for Unity Game Engine](https://github.com/XRPLBounties/Proposals/blob/main/open_bounties/0015%20Code-Plugin%20for%20Unity%20Game%20Engine.md)
- [Unreal Engine 5 Integration](https://github.com/XRPLBounties/Proposals/blob/main/open_bounties/0014%20Unreal%20Engine%205%20Integration.md)
- [Proof of Attendance Infrastructure](https://github.com/XRPLBounties/Proposals/blob/main/open_bounties/0019%20Proof%20of%20Attendance%20Infrastructure.md)
- [Shopify NFT App](https://github.com/XRPLBounties/Proposals/blob/main/open_bounties/0052%20Shopify%20NFT%20App.md)

<br>

# Bounty Submission

## Contributing to existing open source projects

> To submit your bounty work to an existing open source repository, (Ex. for contributions to [xrpl.org](https://github.com/XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal) please follow the corresponding repo's CONTRIBUTING.md's instructions to create a pull request for their maintainers to review. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To submit your bounty work to an existing open source repository (e.g. for contributions to [xrpl.org](https://github.com/XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal)), please follow the corresponding repo's `CONTRIBUTING.md` instructions to create a pull request for maintainers to review.
```

> ## Contributing to new bounty projects (open-source)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Contributing to new bounty projects (open source)
```

> To submit your bounty work for review (finished or work in progress), you must open a Pull Request against the corresponding bounties repository. This should be linked from the bounty, and can also be found by searching through the [XRPL Bounties GitHub organization](https://github.com/XRPLBounties).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To submit your bounty work for review (whether finished or a work-in-progress), you must open a Pull Request against the corresponding `XRPLBounties` repository. This should be linked from the bounty, and can also be found by searching the [XRPL Bounties GitHub organization](https://github.com/XRPLBounties).
```

> This will allow reviewers to directly comment on specific lines of code, clearly indicate when a bounty is accepted, and help increase the publicity for your work as the community will be able to find everything under the [XRPL Bounties GitHub organization](https://github.com/XRPLBounties).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will allow reviewers to directly comment on specific lines of code, clearly indicate when a bounty is accepted, and help increase the publicity for your work. The community will be able to find everything under the [XRPL Bounties GitHub organization](https://github.com/XRPLBounties).
```

<br>

# Bounty Submission

> ## Outside of [XRPLF](https://github.com/XRPLF)

Reviewer 2: We should start with a positive conditional instead of `not` ______ because it can get a bit confusing. 

I'd recommend changing this to: 
```suggestion
## Contributing to an existing open source project
```

And including the relevant instructions

Reviewer 2: (For the other title I'd recommend `## Making a new repository for your work` with these instructions)

> To submit your bounty work(finished or work in progress) for review, you will share your submission by opening a PR to new open source repo(s) under the [XRPL Bounties github organization](https://github.com/XRPLBounties).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To submit your bounty work for review (finished or work in progress), you must open a Pull Request against the corresponding bounties repository. This should be linked from the bounty, and can also be found by searching through the [XRPL Bounties GitHub organization](https://github.com/XRPLBounties).
```

> This will make it easier for reviewers and submitters to collaborate (comment on specific line of codes and request changes). It will also increase the publicity of your work, as the community will be able to find everything under XRPL Bounties.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will allow reviewers to directly comment on specific lines of code, clearly indicate when a bounty is accepted, and help increase the publicity for your work as the community will be able to find everything under the [XRPL Bounties GitHub organization](https://github.com/XRPLBounties).
```

### Instructions

> Reply to the corresponding discussion thread with a link to your work-in-progress repo. If you've made enough progress for us to start requesting revisions, we will create an open source repo (under the XRPLBounties github org) for you to open PR(s) against.

Reviewer 2: We should create the repo immediately for projects which will require a separate repository of work. (Ex. PoA bounty)

Reviewer 2: (If we commit to doing this, we can get rid of this Instructions section - or just have it be a paragraph saying something like "Submit by opening a PR against the corresponding Repo" (I don't know exact wording)

The repo's default branch will start off empty, so that your PR will include your entire submission. This allows reviewers to easily comment directly on specific lines of code and collaborate with you more easily with PR reviews.
<br>

## [XRPLF](https://github.com/XRPLF) repos
To submit your bounty work for [XRPLF](https://github.com/XRPLF) repos, please follow the corresponding repo's CONTRIBUTING.md's instructions to create a PR against the default branch. 

> 

Reviewer 2: We only need 2 lines of whitespace between sections

Reviewer 2: Nevermind, this doesn't matter in the pretty print! Oops :P

<br>

# Bounty Submission

> ## [XRPLF](https://github.com/XRPLF) repos
> To submit your bounty work for [XRPLF](https://github.com/XRPLF) repos, please follow the corresponding repo's CONTRIBUTING.md's instructions to create a PR against the default branch. 

Reviewer 2: These instructions don't just apply to XRPLF - They apply to any bounty which talks about an existing open source project. (Suggestion for generalizing the language)

```suggestion
## Contributing to existing open source projects
To submit your bounty work to an existing open source repository, (Ex. for contributions to [xrpl.org](https://github.com/XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal) please follow the corresponding repo's CONTRIBUTING.md's instructions to create a pull request for their maintainers to review. 
```

## Contributing to new bounty projects (open-source)

To submit your bounty work for review (finished or work in progress), you must open a Pull Request against the corresponding bounties repository. This should be linked from the bounty, and can also be found by searching through the [XRPL Bounties GitHub organization](https://github.com/XRPLBounties).

This will allow reviewers to directly comment on specific lines of code, clearly indicate when a bounty is accepted, and help increase the publicity for your work as the community will be able to find everything under the [XRPL Bounties GitHub organization](https://github.com/XRPLBounties).

### Instructions
Please find the corresponding repo under https://github.com/XRPLBounties (the repo link will be posted under the discussion thread as well) and create a PR against the default branch. The repo's default branch will start off empty, so that your PR will include your entire submission. This allows reviewers to easily comment directly on specific lines of code and collaborate with you more easily with PR reviews.

> <br>

Reviewer 2: We can delete this paragraph, it says the same thing as the above 2 paragraphs.
